Okay so let's get started.
Our goal here is to add a new column
to check if a sales person has met their quota.
In our angular code,
we're going to make use of conditionals with ngif.
Alrighty, so I'll zoom in here
and I'll move down to our file
sales-person-list-bootstrap.component.html.
And I'll expand this window here.
So the first thing we'll do is
we'll add this new table heading here for met quota.
Then I'll move down here and zoom in a bit
so we'll have this new table data
where we'll make use of our ngif.
So I'll say star ngif and I'll give my Boolean expression.
So here I'll have
tempSalesPerson.salesVolume greater than 60,000.
Else myElseBlock and for this div
if everything is true then I'm going to display yes.
And in handling the case for the else
I set up this ng template for myElseBlock
which matches the saying that I had on the previous line.
And so for this portion I'll say no
so this is kind of the else.
Alrighty, this looks pretty
let's go ahead and open up a new terminal window,
move into our project directory and start our server.
So this automatically opens up our browser and success!
Conditionals with ngif is working, this is great!
So note here on the far right hand column here
we have the values of no, no, yes, no,
so yes where Claire Murphy has a sales volume of 90,000
so this works out based on our Boolean expression in the
bottom ngif temp sales person.sales
volume greater than 60,000.
So this is awesome.
But I'd like to make one little small update here
because for Truong their sales volume is 60,000
didn't quite make the cutoff so I'd like to change that
to be greater than or equal to.
So just swinging back into our IDE for a second
expanding my window here
and I'll just make very quick update for this conditional.
So greater than or equal to 60,000.
And then I'll just save this
and swing back over to my browser.
And yay, this is great!
So it automatically updates and so here we have it.
Claire 90,000, Mai Truong 60,000.
Excellent, so this is working exactly as desired.
But hey don't go anywhere,
have one more thing to do here.
And our next goal here is that we want to format
the sales volume as a currency using US dollars.
So just moving up here to line 18
we have temp sales volume,
we're going to make use of that angular pipe for currency.
So I have currency colon and in quotes USD.
So this'll provide the formatting of our sales volume
as a currency using USD.
Simply save this,
swing back over to my browser, and success!
So now it's formatted using that currency pipe
that we just added to our source code.
So this looks great!
I'm happy, I'm excited
and I'd like to say good job, my friend.